Feature/forms (#241)
infinum/eightshift-docs: website/docs/additional-libraries/storybook.md

---
id: storybook
title: Eightshift Storybook
---

[![GitHub tag](https://img.shields.io/github/tag/infinum/eightshift-storybook.svg?style=for-the-badge)](https://github.com/infinum/eightshift-storybook)

> This library hosts all the packages necessary for loading Storybook in your project. We are making updates as a new core version come out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library hosts all the packages necessary for loading Storybook in your project. We are making updates as new core versions are released.
```

> This library hosts all the packages necessary for loading Storybook in your project. We are making updates as a new core version comes out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library hosts all the packages necessary for loading Storybook in your project. We are making updates as a new core version come out.
```
